Hello everyone and welcome
finally in this new video from
a few minutes apple has officially
released to the public ios 8.0 is in
this video we will see how to update a
device to this new ios version
let's not waste time and start right away
well before starting I want to
specify that this procedure is
compatible with iphone 6 iphone 6 plus
iphone 5 and iphone 5 c iphone 5 iphone 4s
ipad and ipad mini retina ipad mini 1
ipad 4 ipad 3 ipad 2 and ipod touch by
fifth generation in my case precisely
I will show you this guide on my ipod
fifth generation touch if you have a
device that was not mentioned in
this list
I'm sorry but you can't install us
ajo s8
having said that another premise is the method
which i will show you to install ios 8 is
the so-called update from itunes
this means what means al
place to do the update
then directly from the device
by going to general settings
software update
we will do it via the computer i like
you see currently are on ios 7.1.2 e
at the end of this video I will find myself
ios 8 successfully installed the first
key thing to do is go into the
icloud settings section scroll
down and turn off find the
my ipod touch or find mine
iphone or find my ipad a
depending on the device it is on
installing to the s8 then insert the
password of your apple id e
confirmed to deactivate find mine
device
one last premise before starting
I want to specify that this
procedure will not delete any data
then music applications data of
games etc. from your device
after updating from the computer
everything will remain as it was before
because this method is therefore more
advantageous compared to the classic
general update settings
software since doing it from
computer we won't have any small ones
slowdowns or imperfections that
could go to create through a
update from the device
having said that we connect ours
device to the computer using the cable
lightning usb later we open
itunes
I recommend it is essential to make sure
that they are in possession of the last one
of itunes in this case from 11.4 lo
you can check by going up to
info on itunes if you have a mac
or if you have a windows
just open the apple application
software update by searching for it directly
from the start menu
if you want to be on the safe side, it will be enough
go to the apple.com website to go to the top
on itunes and then press on
itunes download
then press on this button
blue download and we will download the last one
version of itunes for our system
operating
later we will also need the file
ipsw yos 8.0 also for these I will leave
linking description don't worry
to download them I want to do one
premise for some devices as per
example for the iphone
there are various sub-models for example
for the iPhone 5 s
there is the iphone 5 s gsm and the iphone 5 s
cdma
the same applies to the iPhone 5 etc.
therefore in description for example for
the iPhone 5
I'll let you close a link because you have to
download them psv for the correct below
model if you don't know how to orient yourself
don't worry just download
an application called forecast is
available for both mac and windows
I leave the link in description and in
this way as you see here it says
model in my case ipod 5.1 so you
write down this writing because I am in
description I will write just that
written then just download them psv
for the correct model of yours
iphone ipod touch or ipad
did this once he found them
psv this file correctly we return
on itunes and we're going to click on
our device which will be shown in
top right
did this and as you see we find ourselves
in the summary sheet of the device
and if we are on mac
we hold the alt key of the
keyboard while on windows
keep the shift key pressed
keyboard
and while we hold these keys
click on the verification button
updates
having done this it will open this short
file selection window and let's go to
select the kato in ipsw file
then we press then on update e
we await the process of
update coming to an end then in
this moment itunes is sending to
device update data on
whole process will last about 10 minutes
obviously or speeded up the video for
don't waste your time so we'll do it
simply let's see how
see during the update phase
our device will show this
apple logo with a bar
loading up and then wait
that fills up
perfect once finished it will appear a
this message from itunes that alerts us
that update was successful
our ipod iphone or ipad you are
restarting, a second bar will appear
loading but it will be much more
fast to disappear of the first is one
once disappeared we will add
directly to this white screen
of configuration then we unlock the
device update completed then
we configure it as we think best
the important thing now is to log in with the
our apple id
we are waiting for icloud to activate if
you want to use find my device
now I have to set the emails for
imessage and facetime and we press
next for now I don't add a
block with code I will do it later for not
make you waste time starts and here you go
the white screen closes and we will be
on ios 8 installed as you see I do not have
lost the apps I had before
everything is exactly as before
the only thing that has changed is the
mobile operating system ie ios 8.0
so we can say that the update
it went well and we succeeded
successfully installing ios and 8
via itunes on our ipod touch of
fifth generation in fact going up
general settings info you see
version 8.0 12 to 365 you can understand
also from the new pass hole icon
from the new health application and also
suggestions these two new ones
applications only present in its s8
so guys I hope this video
you enjoyed it and it was helpful
if so, please let me know
leaving a nice thumb up for me is
really very important I invite you
also to follow me on twitter facebook
and instagram to stay forever
updated not only on my new items
channel but in general on the news of the
world of technology
anyway to follow me on the various social networks
network I leave you all the links in
descriptions to my social profiles
also remind you guys to give
also look at my second channel
I will always leave you linking description
in which I will upload tweak reviews
of cydia and occasional logs if you want
please help me grow
share this video on the web
especially boys to what more
important of all subscribe to this
channel
a big hello to all